com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/MainContentBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.MainContentBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/InfoPermissionBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.InfoPermissionBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/AccessPointsContentBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.AccessPointsContentBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/FilterWifiBandBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.FilterWifiBandBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/wifi/database/NetworkDao_Impl.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.wifi.database.NetworkDao_Impl
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.wifi.database.NetworkDao_Impl$1
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.wifi.database.NetworkDao_Impl$2
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/InfoLocationBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.InfoLocationBinding
com/jjoe64/graphview/series/TitleLineGraphSeries.java
 com.jjoe64.graphview.series.TitleLineGraphSeries
 com.jjoe64.graphview.series.TitleLineGraphSeries$1
 com.jjoe64.graphview.series.TitleLineGraphSeries$Styles
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/SplashActivityBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.SplashActivityBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/MainActivityBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.MainActivityBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/wifi/database/NetworkDatabase_Impl.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.wifi.database.NetworkDatabase_Impl
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.wifi.database.NetworkDatabase_Impl$1
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/VendorContentBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.VendorContentBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/ChannelAvailableDetailsBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.ChannelAvailableDetailsBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/MainToolbarBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.MainToolbarBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/AccessPointViewCompleteBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.AccessPointViewCompleteBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/ChannelRatingHeaderBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.ChannelRatingHeaderBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/ChannelAvailableContentBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.ChannelAvailableContentBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/GraphContentBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.GraphContentBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/SeparatorLineBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.SeparatorLineBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/BuildConfig.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.BuildConfig
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/MainNodataBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.MainNodataBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/ChannelRatingContentBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.ChannelRatingContentBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/AccessPointViewCompactBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.AccessPointViewCompactBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/MainNavigationBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.MainNavigationBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/FilterStrengthBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.FilterStrengthBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/FilterPopupBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.FilterPopupBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/ChannelRatingDetailsBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.ChannelRatingDetailsBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/AccessPointViewPopupBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.AccessPointViewPopupBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/InfoThrottlingBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.InfoThrottlingBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/ChannelRatingBestBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.ChannelRatingBestBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/InfoFaqBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.InfoFaqBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/VendorDetailsBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.VendorDetailsBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/MainConnectionBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.MainConnectionBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/AboutContentBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.AboutContentBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/AccessPointViewHideBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.AccessPointViewHideBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/FilterSecurityBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.FilterSecurityBinding
com/vrem/wifianalyzer/databinding/FilterSsidBinding.java
 com.vrem.wifianalyzer.databinding.FilterSsidBinding
